recently I've been pranked by a lot of
my friends so I put a list together of
those who I was gonna get back we're
starting off the prank wars with my good
friend Dietrich from the Dominick show
he held Ryan aka nigahiga pull a prank
on me over on Ryan's Channel and I told
him I was gonna get him back too
recently I tried to use hot pepper
extract with 9 million Scoville units to
prank my friend Ollie but he reversed it
on me unfortunately there was no audio
so you couldn't see how much agony mean
my friend Alex wasabi were in that's why
I'm a redo the prank on V tricks so you
guys can hear him and see him squirming
and crying in pain I invited him over to
my house to have a falafel eating
contest what he doesn't know is every
single falafel of his is going to be
drenched in the hot pepper extract don't
ever think you can prank me and may not
get you back that the prank wars begin
what are you doing
killing d-trix what up everybody seven
two boy fouseytube
me and my boy d-trix you are about to do
a flaccid eating contest
we both have 20 on our plates the
objective is to see who commuted the
fastest but there's a little cash if one
of the contestants needs water we have
to use one of these tiny cups and we
have to battle
to use the sink three minutes on the
clock three two one go it was at this
moment the door move your ass the milk
milk a yokel using it hurts now get them
in the white laughing so
oh no we learnt a few keys Isis let him
give warning shots on semi James and
anybody else was ever present from the
past see this face this is the face that
you're gonna face more than anything my
heart hurts right now okay I'm sorry
thank you guys so much for watching
another edition to see - it's in my
throne right now that's one victim down
got a bunch more to go give it a thumbs
up and comment down below who you want
to see me get next bye thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
seeing him suffer almost as much as I
did if you want to see a full
behind-the-scenes on how we pulled off
the prank hop on over to my second
channel dohsa fousey or check the link
in the description below also if you
want to see me continue the prank war
and get ryan higa i'll evil ooch Simmi
Singh and James E Mooney all people are
prank me in the past give this video a
big thumbs up thank you and I'll see you
tomorrow on my daily vlog channel peace
you